Polar integration (#461)
wasp-lang/open-saas: opensaas-sh/blog/src/content/docs/guides/Payment Integrations/polar.mdx

They are fully isolated from each other, which means that you need to create seperate organizations for each of them. They also feature indepdendant products, sales, access tokens, etc.

For local development and testing, you'll want to use Polar's sandbox mode. 
To enable sandbox mode, make sure that `POLAR_SANDBOX_MODE` is set to `true` in your `.env.server` file:

```ini title=".env.server"
POLAR_SANDBOX_MODE=true
```

When you're ready to go live, make sure this is set to `false`.

### Create Polar Organization Access Token

Once you've created your account, you'll need to get your organization access token. 
You can do that by:
1. Navigating to the `Developers` section under the `Settings > General` page.
2. Click on the `New Token` button to create a new token.
3. Give your token a name (e.g., "Open SaaS Development").
4. Select an expiration date. `No expiration` is fine for sandbox mode, but discouraged for live mode.
5. Select the minimal scope necessary:
   - `checkouts:write`
   - `customer_sessions:write`
   - `customers:read`
   - `customers:write`
   - `orders:read`

> 6. Copy the generated token and paste it in your `.env.server` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Copy the generated token and set it as the `POLAR_ORGANIZATION_ACCESS_TOKEN` env variable value:
```

To do this, first make sure you have installed [`ngrok`](https://ngrok.com/docs/getting-started/).

Once `ngrok` is installed and your Wasp app is running, run:

```sh
ngrok http 3001
```

<Image src={ngrok} alt="ngrok" loading="lazy" />

`ngrok` will display a forwarding address. Copy this address and append `/payments-webhook` to it. It should look something like this: 

```sh title="Callback URL"
https://89e5-2003-c7-153c-72a5-f837.ngrok-free.app/payments-webhook
```

Next, configure the webhook in your Polar dashboard:
1. Navigate to `Settings > Webhooks` page.
2. Click `Add Endpoint` to create a new endpoint.
3. In the URL field, paste your `ngrok` forwarding address with `/payments-webhook` appended (for example: `https://abc123.ngrok-free.app/payments-webhook`).
4. Set the `Format` to `"Raw"`.
5. Select the following events to listen for:
   - `order.paid`
   - `subscription.updated`
6. Click `Save`.

> 7. Copy the generated webhook secret and add it to your `.env.server` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Copy the generated webhook secret and set the `POLAR_WEBHOOK_SECRET` env variable value:
```

   ```ini title=".env.server"
   POLAR_WEBHOOK_SECRET=polar_whs_...
   ```

### Testing Payments in Local Development

Before testing payments, make sure that you:
- Created and set your `POLAR_ORGANIZATION_ACCESS_TOKEN` in `.env.server`.
- Created your products and set their `<NAME>_PLAN_ID` in `.env.server`.
- Created your webhook and set `POLAR_WEBHOOK_SECRET` in `.env.server`.
- Your `ngrok` tunnel is running.

You can then test the payment flow:

> 1. Click a Buy button for any product on the homepage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click a `Buy` button for any product on the homepage.
```
